---
layout: essay 
type: essay
title: Why I decided to major in MIS
date: 2020-01-20
---
The process of choosing a major was a very long and diffficult road for myself. For the longest time I thought that I would never find a major that I was passionate or excited to learn about. However, that all changed when I took BUS 311 last semester. Coming into the class I had low expectations, I thought to myself that BUS 311 was just another pre rec course that I had to get out of the way in order to graduate from Shilder. Little did I know that my BUS 311 course would be the class that would change my whole academic carrer. The moment I finished reading the first chapter of "Information Systems Today: Managing The Digital World" , I knew that this was the major for me. That same day I made an appoitment with my counselor to change my major from Entreprenuership to Management Information Systems. I saw the endless opportunties and carrer paths this major could open up for me. I saw how everyday I will be challanged with something new and how deciding to pursue this degree will keep me on my toes, both in school and in my career. I saw something that was both exciting and challanging, and for the first time in my academic career I was very excited to come to class everyday and learn everything I possibly could about a subject. Never in a million years would I have pictured myself as someone who enjoys coding. Not because I thought of it as something boreing, but because I thought of it as something only certain talented people were capable of doing. Although I currently do not know much about coding I will make it my number one prioroty to learn as much as I possibly can on the subject. I cannot wait to learn more about MIS in the upcoming semsters in Shidler. 
